[Music]
my favorite book that i've oh [__] we've
already started 92 days what a weird i'm
almost thrown off why is andre's
throwing off he he was trying to do a
book club or something and then said i
stopped in the middle of it because
nobody showed up typically eric will
show up 10 minutes before and ever nick
showed up like four minutes before so i
feel like i'm still in pleasantries that
you're not expected to be once
we're only four minutes of pleasantries
and we're making that's gonna destroy
you
i
i'm four minutes off this whole show
yeah he's gonna we'll have to we'll have
to let it roll for another four minutes
at the end just so you can finish up uh
no eric today as a matter of fact uh he
let us know ahead of time he's uh gotta
do dual duty on some other podcast or
some [__] bit weird that we still do it
at the same time as the other podcast
yeah well i believe that was at your
insistence right you said you never
wanted to do that other podcast again
and you had so you would only do this
one if we scheduled it during the exact
same time that's exactly what i said
that is true
i remember hello hello hello hello and
welcome to another episode of the face
podcast i believe
i believe i don't have eric here this
week oh no never mind nick got it to me
uh this is episode 108
this is season four andrew what year is
this
uh 2022 or three
thank you gavin
you nailed it volume one the 108th
episode my name is jeff ramsey with me
as always uh andrew patton and gavin
free
and uh i hope you guys are doing well
today uh boy do i we got a few things to
talk about i i haven't spoken to you
guys in a week i'd love to catch up and
yeah let me tell you i uh right out of
the way i just want to get this over
with right out of the way
you know i don't listen to our podcast
i try not i try not to hear me uh ever
if i can avoid it uh
i get on my nerves so
[__] quick it's unbelievable
this is such a wild thing to say is
somebody who is on three podcasts
currently yeah somebody who hates
podcasts you're on you cannot stop
making them so here's the thing i i
gotta make a living right daddy daddy's
got it that's fair keep the lights on
but uh uh also um
i think we've established at this point
that the three podcasts i'm on are my
only forms of social interaction so it's
just how i maintain my relationships
with people that are important to me and
uh
imagine if you just like recorded every
conversation you had with your mom and
then like a week later you listen to the
conversation you guys had after dinner
on a wednesday night you'd be like i
sound like a [__] idiot coming next
month on roosterteeth.com
wait my mom and i are not i love my mom
daily we are not doing a podcast
together that is a that is a no what we
call a non-starter anyway so i uh i was
i listened to the podcast the other day
and it was episode 106.
and uh i don't know why i was just in a
really good mood and i thought let's
ruin that uh let's listen to yourself
and i found it to be so charming and i
enjoyed it so much there was a little
conversation we had about getting homes
buying homes and then getting a home
inspected and then andrew had this idea
for a vibe inspector to come and check
out your home and make sure the vibe fit
which i thought was so [__] funny i
laughed about it all day long it just
kept popping up in my head and i just
kept laughing about it i asked if we
could get like a vibe inspector a shirt
made which i really sounds kind of
creepy actually another thing about it
yeah it's very close to those like
female body inspectors right right
you don't want that right but you know i
was thinking in the terms of like
checking out a house
yeah
as it was framed in our episode
anyway so i go through the episode and
i'm actually i'm actually thinking to
myself i should listen to this more
often this isn't that bad
and then i stepped in and i brought up
then i brought up the idea i had for us
and and in one second illustrated why i
am the dumbest
stupidest
most idiotic most useless person
on earth
in the year of 2022. i present the idea
to you guys that we should everybody
should pick they're the thing that they
think they're the best in the world at
right yeah i have a nice clip for this
movie yeah you don't need it
you don't need it because i'm covering
it but it'll help
i then proceed to give you guys the two
things that i think i'm the best in the
world at as examples and also tell you
there's no way i'm the best in the world
at this this is utter [__] and then
a week later and i i was coming off the
episode so i remembered it was fresh in
my head 107 we then have to present our
homework clearly i forgot clearly even
after andrew reminded me i didn't do it
i forgot so i just did said the first
two things that popped in my head which
were my examples that were lies that i
admitted were lies to the audience the
week before completely earnestly like
suddenly suddenly i had best in the
world confidence where it didn't exist
the week before is the only answer i can
give you but holy [__] that's it i can't
ever listen to the podcast again or i
will i'll never be able to open my mouth
i'll never be able to move out because i
am a walking stupid contradiction we did
some of the best and on my part
unintentional gaslighting i've ever seen
it was so immensely impressive basically
what what we came up with was that jeff
has signed a piece of homework and i
added on to it and then the
next time we talk about it i'm reading
the homework that i helped jeff assign
as if i'm reading it for the first time
it was and andrew is the only sane one
in the whole thing i've probably had a
clip would you like to hear it please i
was yes i was infuriated last week
because you guys were throwing me under
the bus for the thing i had no pardon i
was just trying to help you two
this is a a little clip from from 107
followed by a little dreamy
sound effect and then immediately
following the week before here we go
we had homework the last show yeah
what's your homework
what was your homework andrew do it my
homework uh well the homework you
assigned for all of us was that we had
to come up with what we were the best in
the world at and what we thought the
other members of this podcast might be
the best in the world at i don't really
understand the homework podcast homework
reminder that we said we would think
about what we are best in the world at
and what we think others would be best
at but you mentioned
on this podcast
i did i don't even remember signing the
homework so i don't really give a [__]
homework for all of us this is what
we'll do and we'll talk about it on the
next thing and then yeah
the way you just said that it sounds
like something you would say
you're the worst you're both the worst
we should all think about what we're the
best in the world at maybe we should
maybe that's an angle we should take
with the podcast so should we come up
with our own things that we think we're
best at or should we come up with us
plus the other
where as soon as i press stop on this
podcast i can't remember anything we
talked about i am i'm pretty well versed
in face like i've listened to everyone
i've proved everyone i know everything
that's happened while i'm recording
something and everything except the
previous week there's just this weird
void where i have no idea what was said
because i haven't proved it yet it's so
bizarre i've i was reading it as though
i'd never heard that in my life and i
said it
said the same thing with the pencil
that's me with the pencil i genuinely
forgot i ever said that it wasn't it
started anything why do we why do our is
do you think it's protection do you
think our brains are trying to protect
us by immediately
like flushing the brain toilet the
second we hit stop on an episode if i
haven't proofed the previous one at the
time of a recording it doesn't exist to
me and i can't explain why totally agree
can i talk about why i'm an idiot in
relation to this so i have a whole other
layer of why i'm the dumbest person in
the world
gavin in the face slack yesterday said
hey when is the preview out for the
episode that will come out this upcoming
week which they've heard by now but you
wanted the preview because you said you
needed to grab something from it because
historically it's always been weaponized
against me there's only one other time
i could think of when it wasn't aimed at
me and it was jeff's [__] up an ad by
spelling the wrong word
and i'm doing the ads
it can't be you spelling so i was like
it's just me i guess i was like i was
convinced i texted gavin last night so
what are you gonna use against me and
his silence was deafening i was
convinced
that he had something lined up for me he
replied this morning i'm like oh i can
play that game too i ain't going to
reply and i'm going to just say some
[__] in our slack saying could you
please pull audio from jeff in this
random episode and gavin in this one i
had no audio pulled this is fake yeah
that was fake because i was paranoid
that you guys had something so i was
trying to flip it i was trying to make
you paranoid about what i might had but
it's the first time your [__] audio
is on my side it was like it's from me
yeah
i guys
happily use audio against you but i was
listening to that last week and i just
thought i have to bury myself i have to
use this audio against me and jeff
because it is horrendous i appreciate it
because it was i i felt like a crazy
person
last week when you guys were like ah
there's some [__] homework by you
you're throwing it all on me i didn't i
didn't care if we did it it was just
trying to be supportive you said now
that the funny thing there is i was
totally just [__] with you like oh i
do i remember to signing the homework
and all that at that point i just
assumed gavin was along for the gag i
just thought we were both in on the joke
i'm just extremely unintelligent
so gavin you're an idiot that way uh i'm
a i have zero integrity and i'm just a
bald-faced liar and then andrew you're
back to paris you're in a new paranoia
yeah which is scary because i do not
i'll be honest guys i do not want to go
back into the
a new age of paranoia
it was too much
oh but that feels like such a great
subtitle for a season the new age of
paranoia season five
i was really excited andrew in the slack
world this is super short notice so if
it's possible no if it's not possible no
worries but someone pulls something
gavin said in episode 98 i also need
something jeff said in 101. i like the
futures they're so vague like there's no
time codes and i'm just like
yeah and now the yeah i'm slightly
disappointed that you got you got no
audio weapon my hope was that maybe one
of you would listen to it and try to
find the thing like that was my long
shot would be funny but i was just
trying to create paranoia because i was
convinced what you had would be used
against me in some capacity
what a waste i didn't need to do that
i'm sorry nick god i immediately reached
out to nick it was like no i don't need
anything i'm just being dumb
mind games i love that we have one bit
that was
honestly not even a good bit a [__]
like five minute bit that turned into
three
separate instances of us being idiots
[Laughter]
well i mean you never know where the
good bits will be because i'm going to
be honest with you when you said
when you said let's all make salads
internally i was like i don't know why
we're doing this but i'll do it because
you want to i support this and we would
salad cream i [__] that up in a whole
or was that unrelated to the salad was
that a side
how much salad content have we made was
that adjacent was that salad cream
content that became salad content or was
that part of the make your salad content
you're you're going way too far back in
the vault for me that's fair
gavin you pretend to remember stuff
which what what do you think
[__] says i was separate
what was that gab are you okay
seven second there was silence like
you're waiting for nick's approval
that's very weird
please keep that in nick that was a very
strange line
gavin dropped i thought you had a
connection
issue it was pretty long wasn't it even
nick it was one nick was scared
[Music]
god
is scared
go ahead
should you and i talk about how the
universe is scared that you and i will
ever spend any time together they're
back at it it's not the weather this
time though oh god
damn it had did i don't know if i don't
know if we talked about it on the
podcast yet uh or in personal
conversations andrew but gavin and i uh
and our our significant others his
girlfriend meg and my girlfriend emily
we had all decided we we've been talking
for months and months and months about
going to las vegas together and having
like a weekend in vegas together and we
finally [__] scheduled it and so we
were gonna like and it was for this
weekend right so
um
it was uh the way i had it scheduled or
i had it set up is because it's the nba
finals emily and i were going to get up
first thing friday morning and we were
going to fly to boston and then friday
night we were going to watch game four
of the finals as my birthday present
from emily we're gonna uh she was gonna
get us
awesome seats and i would get to watch
the celtics play in the finals which is
like a you know a dream come true for me
and i've only got to do it once before
in my life uh and that was with jack so
talk about an upgrade with emily and uh
and then we were gonna go to bed and
then get up first thing saturday morning
and fly to las vegas and meet gavin and
meg in las vegas i was so excited for
this we were going to spend two days
together we got hotels rooms in the same
place we were gonna do like i thought
they came up with a clever idea we're
gonna do one thing they really wanna do
one thing we wanna do so emily got
tickets to see shin lim and go to a
magic show so i could heckle and then uh
which is what i want to do and she likes
magic and then gavin and meg wanted to
go do uh some escape rooms so we were
gonna go do that and it was just like it
was shaping up to be the perfect weekend
and then last night
last night emily tested positive for
covid
no
i couldn't believe it no because the
universe was like
wait a minute who's gonna have fun with
who
no [__] you [__] you that's what the
universe said
i was literally like wow i'm actually
looking forward to a trip for the first
time that you know there isn't a work
trip or me going to see my family it's
like
this is a real vacation trip i can't
belie oh never mind yeah it's a i i i
know and emily is heartbroken obviously
and i feel terrible for her and she
feels so guilty for getting covered
which is you know totally not her fault
because everybody seems to get it at
some point or other but uh it's a it's
kind of luckily i was i was telling
emily i've the universe has uh been
aware of me for long enough that stuff
getting canceled no longer affects me
it's like okay whatever i get it just
you know so just me stepping in [__] in
the backyard again no problem it's just
a new version of that right
i'm supposed to be in the [__] uh
of course right and uh
so it's no big deal to me i'm just like
yeah we'll get him next time champ
but uh she was pretty heartbroken about
it and uh i hope that we can do it again
in the future but maybe we can't like
plan a diversity or something like we
can't let on to the universe that we're
trying to spend time together
not not to go too far back but the how
you frame that just gave me a thought
that i've never had before you said you
what did you you wanted to see a magic
show what was the other thing uh escape
rooms
no that was gavin's thing you said tooth
i thought you said two things
i want to heckle the magician
oh i see so your thing was magicians
yeah the thing that gavin and meg were
excited about were traveling to a place
to get locked into a room that you have
to try to leave from with you like the
premise of an escape like i know it's
they're fun they're great but like the
idea of like having the first escape
room and trying to convince somebody
that's fun feels like a real exercise
because the premise is you go to a place
i'm gonna lock you in this room and
you're not gonna be able to immediately
leave you're gonna have to try to solve
clues to leave this space have fun
especially you're gonna pay me for this
considering at least in my mind the
genesis of this whole escape room craze
was from that movie the cube where
people just woke up and then they had to
get out and every time they tried they
died like it's such a dark beginning
uh i was looking forward to it though i
like escape rooms i think they're a
blast oh they're great meg was really
looking forward to the magician and uh i
had to because magic she loves it it
makes her cry for some reason she
explained it but uh i had to warn her
about
the fact that the experience of seeing a
magician with jeff is going to be a
completely different spirit
with his
how
[Music]
on stage performers feed off of energy
you want to give good energy you want
them to know you're entertained and
amazed by what they're doing
i know you share a deep fandom for north
macdonald jeff have you ever seen the
compilation of him when he was hosting
the youtube comedy festival with like
sarah silverman was there i don't
remember whose co-hosts were but they
had a magician come on as like one of
the acts that guy is a netflix i don't
remember his name now but he did this
trick where like he put this giant this
giant glass into a box and it exploded
was like the trick
and it cut one of the hosts it was a
disaster and it explodes and nor
mcdonald's response was to say this
guy's a [__] sorcerer like he got so
nervous about it
it's great that's what it sounds like
what your experience is it's so [__]
funny you just hear me say
this you got cut that's what happens
when you put a [__] sorcerer on set
what do
expect here
have we
it's great i'll send it to you i'll say
i am halfway through with his his uh
posthumous uh special that's on netflix
right now and i had to turn it off
because it was making me cry was it sad
yeah
it's just like it's just him like the
night before i think a surgery and he
was like i gotta get all this out just
in case you know and then he looks very
ill uh and he's very sweet and very
funny and he's just going off the top of
his head and there's no audience or no
crowd so it's a bit awkward at times but
more than anything you just like you
just see in this
what appears to someone who didn't know
him as a gentle brilliance and in just
such a fragile state uh it was just
really really kind of heartbreaking and
it didn't kill him then did it he died
much later than that yeah he died over
about a year after that yeah yeah wow i
had i cuz i got to see him at the
theater in town
and it's like one of the favorite my
favorite shows i've ever seen and i
would constantly ever since that point i
probably saw that in like 2014 i would
constantly look at their schedule and be
like oh is he going to come into town
like this would be so exciting i love
he's one of my favorite comedians and i
recently like a week ago
went on the website just to see what it
is it's always all cover bands it's
terrible the booking is awful it's just
cover bands but it's i had this weird
realization even though he's been dead
for quite a while there was still part
of me that was like oh maybe i'll see
him oh i can't like that'll never happen
again it was a weird processing of like
he's gone
yeah you were lucky enough to see him
with such a small window of over yeah in
your lives exactly and it's just it's a
strange thing i don't know if i'll watch
that i've like a weird thing where if
there's
uh an artist or like a creative type
that i like i really struggle with
finishing their last work oh yeah like
the idea of knowing that i have that
like whenever i want to is almost more
impactful to me than if i saw it
i had the same with patrice o'neill
where i've like never seen his special
but i just thought his earlier work was
so funny conversationally at least i
completely agree with you there are two
series that i l that like touched me so
intensely in some way that i never
finished them on purpose and that i mean
they're very they're silly but shit's
creek i am halfway through the last
season of shit's quick and i just don't
want to finish it because i don't want
it to be over
and season three of ash vs evil dead
because i have been a fan of evil dead
since i was a kid
and i grew up with it and it's so
charming and so well done that i just
don't want to see it be over you know
and so i just i don't know that i'll
ever watch them because i just like
knowing that they're out there if i ever
want to you know i'd rather yeah i'd
rather have that than than know what i'm
missing in some ways totally yeah
absolutely i i can i can relate to that
even in like silly i think like the
funniest one is i have a clip of um oh i
forget his last name but uh the celtics
play by play guy mike what's his last
name jeff mike mike gorman
mike gorman yeah i've got like uh he did
like a immemorial thing to tommy heinzen
that i just have never watched because i
just i like having that because they
were such a
an important iconic duo even though i i
didn't get to see too much of their
coverage like they called games for i'd
assumed over 20 years felt like they did
it for like 70 years they felt like they
were pillars of eternity for that team
um
yeah that's it's it's interesting how
how those pieces of media can impact you
gavin what are we do do you share any
experiences like that
where i don't want to watch someone's
end the final piece of their work sure
you don't want to be over
i've never really looked at it from that
point of view i feel like it's quite
interesting like i i would watch the
norm thing but yeah it is sad but i feel
like comedy and tragedy
they go so well together don't they
totally for sure
absolutely it's interesting when norm
passed like thinking about how much his
his comedy i think has impacted face
like indirectly i think just through
what at least i find funny
yeah oh yeah
i went on an absolute youtube binge
after he died of just all of his
late night appearances and snl stuff and
he just never gave a singular [__] at
any point and it's so you gotta respect
it i don't think anyone has done it to
that extent throughout and then kept an
entire career going uh one other person
who's also dead now unfortunately and
that was gilbert godfrey yeah they both
yeah
uh just like
it is i mean they really are like the
the prototype for for what face is right
it's like just two people that are
so entertained by the thing that they're
doing
that it doesn't matter if it's
detrimental to them or their career in
any way they're going to go up there and
do it gilbert godfrey is going to go up
there when he's on tour with the go-go's
and they come to him and the producers
come to him and say listen this is a
family-friendly show these are a bunch
of like 12-year-old girls watching that
want to see the go-go's seeing vacation
uh and you can't get up there and say
talk about anal and he's like okay got
it and goes worse you know because he ha
he doesn't have a choice like there's
like a and then like it's like like he
doesn't want to it's just that is now
the funniest choice like you have to do
yeah it's like there's a there's like
some sort of a
like uh invisible force pulling you
towards a a self-destructive joke
yeah it's it's great to even just like
with norm especially for me like you
constantly hear new stories and it's
like the content even though he's not
producing new stuff you learn different
aspects i was listening to a thing
recently and this person talked about
how when norm was starting in like
canada as a comedian he would bomb all
the time because his style was very
specific and it didn't work in a lot of
rooms and if he bombed
he would stay like if he did well he
would kind of just leave immediately but
if he bombed he'd stay in the green room
the entire night and then he'd go to the
exit when everybody finished and he'd
make everybody shake his hand on the way
out
he just he didn't give a [__] if he did
well but if he did horribly just for the
awkward exchange he would shake
everybody's hand
so good
he's a legend
[Laughter]
i had to um register a new phone number
recently
yeah and i had a uh
it was like the first time i've ever
been able to like pick a phone number
like you just like type in numbers and
see if it's available holy [__] you guys
yeah then i was like
oh i bet there's like websites for this
and i found a website that just sells
numbers i assume they just like buy up
all these vanity phone numbers and stuff
and uh i found one with a 778 area code
which i think is bc
in canada i think it's one of those ones
and i found
andrew i found your
ultimate phone number she did what's the
number i'll let me move my [__]
seven seven eight pancake
and it's two thousand dollars
i think it's too much i think we should
get the the eric's credit card no we
need that
i think that should be your phone number
when will this air
what what what day will this come out
can we talk about this thing the thing
that we bleep two weeks from now is that
that should be fine the choice yeah
that's fine
i found out recently that
that is essentially what it's predicted
to go at 2 000 i'd much rather
than 778 pancake as good as seven seven
eight pancake is that's [__] great
why not why not both so are you in the
process of changing your phone number
and then not telling us no it's like a
business line uh okay
oh seven seven day pancake would be so
good
if you're interested in high speed
photography call call the slow-mo guys
it's 778 pancake
i uh
i watched maybe you'll remember the name
to this jeff because it was like a big
90s movie sandra bullock it's where
there's like a hacker she's a computer
hacker the net i watched the net like a
week ago and she goes on a website
called pizza.net and i've never wanted
anything more to exist i was so
disappointed to put in pizza.net and
have it just not exist how much is it
i have no idea i don't even think it's
for sale it's just like this domain
doesn't exist she orders the pizza from
pizza.net and it just comes to her it's
great that's the one with like mozart's
ghost or whatever right yeah it is it's
it's ghost yeah she like gets her thing
hacked she's a hacker and she she i
don't know it's a dumb movie it's 90s
internet cringe and the best one so
we
we agree we're gonna get
right like this already we have to and
that's why i'm so mad that eric is here
because i independently
made an account on that website and i
just got an email from them saying like
yeah you need to send in a proof of
address
uh with an id like you need to properly
register and it took like six days for
that process
uh
it's actually um it's
like andrew and i have had an idea about
a thing we want to do someday and it's
pretty important to that idea so i feel
like we need this
is integral uh to the future of of space
we need to get this thing yeah i i would
i mean i would love for us to record
it's on like 8 a.m that day pacific 10
for you guys i think it'd be so much fun
are we talking a
i don't they say it's
let me pull up the link i think it just
the way it's phrased is like this is the
only one will it fit any of us do you
think i don't dude i probably i think it
could fit you i could see it on you it
says this consists of
an an act
and matching
with metal
[Music]
exhibits where including a pair of
harness holes on the side but can you
say that word that second word you said
again did you say act can you say actate
i i have no idea what that word is i
have no clue
a-c-e-t-a-t-e i just care i just i i
just i had never heard the word acted
before and i assumed oh can i can i do
can i talk i can i call some gavin knows
about this i have a friend speaking of
pronouncing words incorrectly my friend
jake one of my favorite bits recently is
i learned that jake thinks he he
pronounces the word tums tombs and so
for like weeks now he says tombs
whatever anyone asks what's thomas so
we've been loading him up to say tombs
constantly
um i'm going to call him put him on he's
got this to work the other night on halo
and i could not believe it gavin lost it
he genuinely thinks the word tums is
tombs why is tums like a soother of the
stomach sort of thing yeah
can you guys hear that
yep
should we be quiet
yeah i don't know
why is he why isn't he picking up
that's my acid according to nick
yeah no [__]
trying to find him more time everybody
[__] knows what thom says
he doesn't seem to get it he thinks
gavin has such a funny line where he's
like what does he think he's a do you
have a tummy ache
he just doesn't
get it
hello wait hey hey jake oh god
no why are you upset i'm having like my
my i'm having like i have like some
anxiety like heartburn what is the thing
you take for it i think it starts with
all anxiety that's not no no but i got
like heartburn and you know like i need
a like an anti-acid type thing what what
is the tomb
what is it sorry
okay thank you thank you so much i'll
talk to you later
are you okay love you jake
so he thinks it's tubes
[Laughter]
yeah jake listens to his podcast i'll
make sure i'll tell him beforehand that
he was he was on the show
so if you you hear that wonderful tombs
audio
that has been i had to have a
conversation with the people i regularly
play games with of like are we okay to
sacrifice tombs because it has brought
laughter to our life for weeks
feeding him tombs jesus
this is like for an entire summer i had
millie convinced they were flop flips
not flip flops
you sound so weird when you say it that
way where did somebody at school fight
and we went all over hawaii and back in
the whole time
flop flips but she's not you know 26 or
however old jake is no jake's like 30.
okay you're walking around saying dupes
to be fair why would he ever answer the
phone between the hours of three and
four central to thursday yeah i told i
talked to him for a minute before i did
this and i said i have to go film this
this podcast
no no better i like that you used the
same method to get him to say it as you
did last time i did on halo you said the
exact same thing like you had heartburn
and
he still went for it
he must be thinking like why doesn't he
remember
so yeah
we had a conversation recently that we
need to change our approach or else he
is going to catch on if we all have
heartburn every day
we need to take for it
i love jake
um
[Applause]
using the internet without expressvpn is
like leaving your keys in your car while
you run into the gas station for a snack
most of the time you're probably fine
but what if you come back to see someone
driving off with your car
why does everyone need a vpn
every time you connect to an unencrypted
network like cafes hotels or airports
any hacker on the same network can gain
access to your personal data passwords
financial details all that stuff
it doesn't take much technical knowledge
to hack someone just some cheap hardware
is needed a smart 12 year old could do
it your data is valuable hackers can
make up to a thousand dollars per person
selling personal info on the dark web
why use expressvpn it has an encrypted
tunnel it creates a secure encrypted
tunnel between your device and the
internet hackers can't steal your
sensitive data
super secure it take a hacker with a
super computer over a billion years to
get past expressvpn's encryption
easy to use
fire up the app and in one click
everything's protected
works on all devices phones laptops
tablets and more so you can stay secure
on the go i recently used expressvpn to
watch the spelling bee it was only
streaming in the us from what i could
see and i love the spelling bee it's one
of my favorite events to watch every
year so being able to easily access it
because of expressvpn was awesome
uh this is more about security this read
but being able to access other countries
libraries of content so cool it's
fantastic and it's so simple to use
secure your online data today by
visiting expressvpn.com
face that's e-x-p-r-e-s-s-vpn.com
face and you can get an extra three
months free
at expressvpn.com
face
if you are a current or past smoker you
understand how difficult quitting is and
that's why you've got to check out fume
fume is the natural inhaler designed for
a better safer and natural way to quit
cigarettes it's a no smoke no vape and
no nicotine replacement for the hands to
mouth habit of smoking fume handcrafts
wooden inhalers and uses coarse and
fused with plant oils studied to curb
cravings they have flavors like
peppermint and conker with minty notes
to simulate menthol cigarettes and other
flavors like cozy chai and lemon berry
bliss for a sweeter experience and all
of their flavors are 100 natural no
harmful chemicals no artificial flavors
and absolutely no nicotine quitting is
tough but fume really can't help they've
got thousands of five-star reviews from
smokers who have tried everything else
and this worked also if you're somebody
who travels all the time as the world
begins to open up more it's amazing to
have with you and being able to have it
with you in the air and in the airport
is a huge difference maker whether
you're a smoker or ex-smoker who still
struggles with cravings fume is the
perfect tool for you head to
brieffume.com face and use promo code
face to save 10 off your entire order
that's ten percent off your entire order
when you head to b r e a t h e f u m dot
com slash face and use code face
the time for spring cleaning is upon us
do more than just dust your cabinets and
organize your closets spring clean your
butthole with hello tushy bidets after
wiping with dry scratchy toilet paper
all winter long our bums could use a
serious refresh put your cleanest booty
forward and start washing with hello
tushy hello tushy is an amazing product
it's a fantastic bidet it's so easy to
install it's made a tremendous
difference in my bathroom experience
stop spreading your business around your
butthole with toilet paper start washing
with hello tushy bidets the hella tushy
bidet attachment washes your bum with
fresh water for a way better clean than
toilet paper simply spray and pat dry
attaches to your existing toilet no
electrician or plumber needed installs
in less than eight minutes cuts down
your tpus by 80 saving money and paper
waste make the restroom your best room
with the complete tushy system including
the tushy bidet attachment ottoman and
toilet brush hella tushy has cleaned
over 1 million happy bums join them and
take care of your business the cleaner
way we want all of our listeners to have
clean bumps visit hellotushy.com face to
get 10 off plus free shipping right now
tag us and hellotushing on social media
so we can celebrate your clean butt with
you that's hellotushy.com face for 10
off
um i have a thing that we should talk
about some people because i saw some
some misunderstanding of a thing and
it's unfair ooh no it's a fair
misunderstanding
we need to talk about the grow tubes
because we're all very excited about
them people are excited about them you
mean
this
you mean this
wait
did they send you those because i would
like one but i need to clarify okay i
need to i don't know if they would send
me one because it's rtx it's launching
rtx i sent you a i sent you a video the
day i got it i know you did but i didn't
know if you like grabbed it like i
didn't know no no no no
i'm sure they're probably mailed it to
you as well cool awesome um
so they're launching at rtx but they
will be available online for everybody
yes after the event we just want the
idea was we wanted to annoy as many
people as possible so they're going to
drop on the event we're putting as much
inventory as we can there so we can have
as many grown tubes in a contained space
uh because it would be horrendous for
everybody there do you remember a couple
years ago during the world cup when
everybody got excited about vuvuzela yes
this is exactly [__] it's called
we're getting we're trying to recreate
that magic in rtx this year
exactly yeah so i just i felt it was
important to clarify in the merch
meeting we had i had somebody said it
perfectly where everybody who wants one
will get one they so they're launching
at rtx but they will be on line two so
if you you're unable to attend that
event you'll be able to go you're like
like a war general like sending all of
the troops to one place it's like
there's no one already online we're
sending everything to our tx first we
need fire everything
well it's it's i don't know i don't
think i'm assuming face doesn't have a
panel considering you and i won't be
there gavin sadly i don't know if that's
true it might just be me and eric i'll
have to judge this is you and eric
that's great
please record
please record a whole room full of
people if there is a panel doing the
grown tube at once i need to yeah it'll
just be an hour
oh that's what i want
it's like when people
will be like let's get everyone to turn
on their phone light and wave them at
the same time exactly
we're gonna have so many people our
tubes will grown out the sun it's gonna
be amazing but when we
when we eventually have our show in
vegas i just love the idea of people
having to travel with their grown tube
like having to bring it like this
[Laughter]
i wonder if it would qualify for like
you know you can't travel with liquid
containers and stuff
what's the volume of our grow tube oh no
i'm sure it'll be fine
[Laughter]
can you imagine like trying to declare a
[__] stick like be great i won't have to
write that
um so dildo no
goodness no no
that's ridiculous this isn't sexual at
all
it's totally different
oh man i never thought after the saga of
the uh of the porta-potty tiki mugs i
never thought we would have another
piece of merchandise that was as
complicated to get made and take as long
but boy did the grown tubes not
disappoint
what we're i mean talking about the
port-a-po just to clarify
are you are you gonna be home jeff for
your birthday are you gonna is that
it's depending on emily i see well my
birthday is a sunday so uh
mail doesn't deliver on sundays
typically here in america why do you ask
ah that's just
curious if you're going to be in this
the city or not if you're i'll be in the
city i'm going to be in town
okay i'll go swimming on my birthday
good okay i'll be i'll be in austin
awesome ready to accept uh whatever uh
hell you uh are about to unleash on me
no never i just want to make sure i got
worried here in vegas i would have to
make some calls after we finish this
recording well i don't think that
there's any danger of me being in vegas
anytime soon
[Laughter]
poor poor emily
meow wolf is in vegas right yeah they're
there are five so there are or will be
five meow wolf locations santa fe is the
original and then vegas and denver
opened up a couple years ago and then
now they're open to in texas but not in
austin
we got to try that gurple drink cause i
think all the people that yeah i think
that's there i just connected that when
we're in vegas for a show we gotta we
gotta get some gurples yeah we can
totally do that that sounds great
excited the show that i'm apparently not
going to attend i'll be blown away if
you're there andrew i'm 100 gonna be
there i cannot wait to collect my twenty
dollars from jack it's gonna be
fantastic anybody else who wants to put
wages in i'll gladly take them nick
wrote by the way
so uh i think i could squeeze into that
i think you could fit and i think the
harness i just really i want more
clothing with harness holes you never
know when you need them
maybe i could get lowered from the
ceiling at the end of it
i'm gonna
write down to talk to eric about
i'll tell you this andrew if you buy me
a bunch of delicious cosmic crisp apples
for my birthday and they show up i'm not
going to take one bite out of one throw
it in a river and then dump the rest in
a trash can on the way out who did that
oh i don't know
is that was that kevin
uh eric did it i see so you said on the
water and since he's a near the water
guy i didn't i didn't associate well we
were on the he threw it in the water we
were on the boat oh
oh
god
[Laughter]
they had cosmic crisps in the the
grocery flyer where i get my groceries
from this right i'm very excited made my
week it's the lucky week this week i
didn't realize that now we have cemented
that uh people are going to notify us uh
i suspect for the rest of our individual
lives about every new apple drop that
comes out uh from i don't hate it i
don't hate it either i don't hate
anything fan of it it's it's like
subscribing to a newsletter you forgot
you subscribed
every once in a while they just like hit
you up with like hey there's a new
yellow apple looks good
like a division to thank me later
yeah that's awesome that's a great idea
i was gonna say uh because eric's not
here we should do something uh we would
never do wally's here and we should all
say one nice thing about him because
he'll never hear it so but then i don't
know but then he but then i got annoyed
with him for not being here
so maybe i don't want to say nice stuff
about him
i really feel like that was a
conversation for you to have before we
recorded
it feels like you're torn between ideas
well i didn't have a lot of choice you
uh you were going on about your book
club my book club
oh that's fair there was a lack of
pleasantries we're all thrown off from
the lack of a lack of pleasantry talk
what's that andrew what's the best look
you've read in the last 72 days i i
don't think i've read a book uh maybe
like
the game manual for fast and furious
crossroads i guess if we want to call
that a book i don't think you can call
that book yeah then i don't think i've
read a book in the last 70 days why
didn't you ask us if we'd read a book in
the last 72 days because it's just
pleasantry talk no that's just being
silly is this silly to see where it goes
i don't there's no reason it was a
completely random number why did i pick
number 101 for like the episode the
paladio for jeff or whatever just random
huh
zero logic went into it
can i talk about one of my favorite
events that i wish i would have talked
about last week that happened
i missed out oh
the nba finals started on the same night
as the greatest sporting event of the
year the scripps national spelling bee
and boy was it a barn burner did you
pick a kid
i picked a kid
my favorite tradition continued there's
one person in our league who picked the
child
uh yeah i'm the vacavic
the person that consistently takes the
first kid eliminated got eliminated
first once again it was great the
disappointment it was fantastic my kid i
think placed fifth it was a wild show
again there was a woman this child was
eliminated and she left the stage and
then 10 minutes later they said actually
we [__] up you can come back you're
back in this competition oh so there's
like a misspelling that that was
actually spelled correctly no it was
like we so the second round is they they
give uh you have to guess the definition
of a word so they'll tell you what it is
and they'll give you three options
and technically how they phrased it two
of the three would be correct and she
picked one that they didn't view as
correct but upon review they're like ah
you could make the argument that that
was the correct answer so she got to
come back
the show opened with a kid got an answer
wrong in the room before
his parents disputed it and they decided
he could enter the oh there was his
parents were very upset about it
and so they decided if he could spell
one word correctly before the show
started he could then enter the finals
so the first it opened with a spelling
of a kid trying to get in and he got it
i'm so glad it would be so embarrassing
to [__] that word up like as the show
was starting and you're just yeah no you
you're done you imagine you're double
eliminated that car ride home
oh it'd be so awkward
because he gave he kind of had vibes of
i'm not super into this but my parents
loved this his dad was so [__] pumped
when he made it into the finals he got
it right um
so the girl got eliminated she came back
it went into the very first spell off
the scripts spell off so there's an
overtime round it's like penalty kicks
where each kid goes up and they have to
spell as many words as they can in 90
seconds so like they feed them a word
and then they have to spell it and they
hit a buzzer and it goes to the next
word they just go back and forth and it
is one of the craziest things i've ever
seen oh speed spelling is wild
uh and didn't the girl who got the
person who got kicked out and then
brought back in win
she won it all the girl that kicked out
she's unstopped every time she'd come to
the stage i was making terminator noises
you could not terminate
she was like
every time and she would just nail words
they got to that spell off it was not it
was like she didn't breathe do you
remember 26 words oh not even close
you think i [__] know these words
when i can't even say acetite or
whatever the [__] that word was i don't
know
i don't know six letter words
i watch i watched the spell off gavin
and i'd never heard of any of those
words ever before and angie's not wrong
she had like the focus of a swan she was
locked in
like a swan looking at your back yeah
she had my yeah yeah
so what was the word that with the
definition that they they gave it back i
don't remember it was like something
like
it was a group of bees it meant like i
think the definition was it was like a
group of a certain animal type and they
had two different animals listed and she
picked the wrong animal and they're like
no the correct answer is b not it's bees
not geese and they're like well
technically you can make the case that
geese would also fall under it's a weird
like technicality thing like a murder of
crows
like yes
those are great i love those what you
call specific animal groups
murder prose is a good one how does that
get decided i don't i mean how do we
decide any word we've had this talk
before what would it be if uh podcasters
were a group like coming towards you
what could you call it uh just
unfortunate general population i don't
know seems like everyone has a podcast
a general population of podcasters a
general population no it'd be like a is
now a group of podcasters are coming out
of you or podcast audiences like if we
if all the three of us were coming
towards you what would the flock term be
it would be a regulation of podcasters
oh regulation podcaster is that what you
said yeah a regulation they would be a
regulation
a regulation of podcasters yeah you're
right i miss hurt
podcast leavers nick says
where's steve i appreciate you coming up
with regulation jeff because i was i was
trying and i just could not i couldn't
find it i did my best
i was looking for it i thought ad
readers were okay but it's like yeah
but regulation a regulation is such a
better natural fit
you found i wonder if that applies to
any other animal what do you mean
there's a regulation
a regular oh you think there's a group
of animals called a regulation yeah
list of
regulation of buffalo or something if it
was gonna like it obviously doesn't but
if it was going to what animal do you
think it would be
oh
that's like the most bog standard animal
i hate that with the amount of time i've
spent with you my brain said the exact
same
thing internally i just said that i
[__] hate because there's no way that
i'm naturally saying that i've just
spent too much time with you
bog standard
uh
like what i know what do you think of if
if you think of an animal hmm
well i think
see i was thinking large too in kind of
the same areas i think it's funnier if
it's like an animal you don't see often
like a regulation of giraffes
the regulation of giraffes isn't bad the
first thing that came to my mind and i
feel pretty good about is the regulation
of dolphins
i was also i'm a woman
guy
yeah uh regulation of dolphins yeah i
immediately went to land i feel like
land is the standard but but i guess
there is more water than land on earth i
think i think water is the standard
buddy yeah
yeah i'm saying i'm turning around to it
a group of goldfish is apparently called
a troubling which is great
that's what we would be
yeah
what would you call two two uh clusters
of goldfish troublings what double
trouble andrew oh
i'm glad i didn't make that joke
i was
happy that i missed
first time i've ever thought this but
should we in the podcast earlier
double trouble i think if that's where
we are maybe
a double troubling of goldfish
i like flamingo as a flamboyance a group
of flamingos flamboyance coyotes are a
band a band of coyotes that's [__]
cool this is where eric if he was here
would be yelling at us to stop just
reading stuff off the internet
this is part of the show nick said that
is cool so i think nixon
i want to be in a band
a swarm
it's for bees yeah i mean there's some
[__] ones but
caterpillars are an army an army of
caterpillars who decide these
i don't know
that's a great question who does decide
these i wonder how many caterpillars is
required for an army yeah when you say
army it makes you think hundreds like
i think of like there needs to be a set
of of tears like you need a general
you could have five people and if one of
them's like a general and a sergeant i
think you're an army yeah i don't think
i don't think caterpillars are like a
hive mind i assume there's a there's a
hierarchy there that there there's a
lead
right
it's not like ants
and even then ants have a queen right i
think the great play if you refer to
yourself as an army there is an implied
largeness that doesn't have to be there
like if we said we are an army people
would assume there's more of us and
there might not be
that just might be a good strategic
decision caterpillars maybe just want to
seem bigger than they are
how many are everywhere in an army
or they can't be you think there's a
clear line i'd be shocked if there was
like a definitive number
yeah this is useless
it would be useless
uh okay so the
the dictionary definition of army is an
organized military force equipped for
fighting on land so it really i if you
could organize two people i think two
people could technically be an army as
long as they're on land there wouldn't
be dolphins no such thing as an army of
dolphins
that's a great point that would be
terrifying though isn't that a movie
there's a movie about that right an army
of dolphins or is it one there's a movie
where the dolphin is trying to
assassinate a president that's a movie
but i don't know if that's an army what
the [__] are you talking about there's
i didn't make that up i don't think
dolphin assassinate president movie
they like train a dolphin to kill the
president the day of the dolphin
i was hoping so much that was a dream
marine biologist jake and maggie tyrell
have for many years been doing dolph
dolphin research in florida keys and
have even coached some dolphins to speak
primitive english but when two of the
dolphins are kidnapped an investigation
proves that the trails financial backers
the franklin foundation have had a
sinister intention all along the
dolphins are to be used to deliver and
detonate explosive beneath the
president's yacht that's right what is
this movie called the day of the dolphin
the day all right hold on the day of the
dolphin could you imagine the attitude
that the tagline of a movie is
unwittingly he trained a dolphin to kill
the president of the united states
that's what you're gonna put on that
dude it's got george c scott in it it's
got patent in it oh that's amazing uh
stream where are we gonna watch this so
that we can make a video out of it oh we
can watch it on amazon prime perfect
we'll add it to uh we're watching mvp2
what's the other one i think we agreed
on a different movie recently as well
mvp2 day of the dolphin uh
there's something else
well we there was discussion of anaconda
there was that's a great i don't know if
it was to do that i i honestly i'd
rather i would i think lake placid is a
better version of that movie i'd rather
really yeah
i there's only one part of lake placid i
really enjoy and it's the fact that
there's a character in it that is like a
specialist in alligators or whatever
and he sets all these traps up and only
one of the main characters keeps
stepping in them like it never actually
impacts the character and it's like a
running gag throughout the movie that
this one guy gets stuck in six of his
traps and there's no like payoff to it
it's just this thing that keeps
happening throughout the film and i
really enjoy that uh it's a dumb movie
sorry it's yeah it's like
it's alligator anaconda
yeah but i feel like to a lesser extent
like i think anaconda is more schlocky
than like placid
like placid is dumb anaconda's schlocky
i'll say this lake placid has betty
white in it
it does
that is true
the legend i wonder who won that contest
and i wonder if they regret running that
contest i talked about in the show
before oh
died so shortly after that oh yeah it
was like to celebrate her hundredth
which i don't think she reached sadly
she was so close she was so close she
was so close i have a question about
when
when you tell a story
on
this show
something that happened in your personal
life
and you you tell it to like somebody
involved with the story like when you
fill somebody else in on the story what
are you doing your first telling to the
story how often
do you hear a different perspective of
what you're gonna tell like how often
does that improve the story to your like
change your your perspective on it every
time what's the example so the shampoo
bottle story that i told in the episode
that just came out yeah
the following day like the first person
i told that story to was my partner
and as i'm telling the story and i'm
halfway through they cut me off and
immediately just said wait you had my
shampoo bottle in your ass in disgust
which is an aspect of it that i never
considered
i never thought about like that that
would be way worse than waking them up
that they now have my ass
all over the bottle
i've been putting that on my hair
yeah like i'm gonna have to grab this
bottle all the time that was in your ass
now thank you for the kindness of doing
that
just curious if you guys had examples of
like different i'll i'll say that like
emily at least in my experience is like
a one-person comedy writing room and so
when i'm going through and like telling
the swan story or working it out uh
she'll be like uh yeah but didn't this
kind of happen or like don't forget
about this thing or like in gogo now
she'd be like oh it's it's it was funny
the way you said it this time be sure to
say it like that and uh
i found it to be invaluable yeah yeah
what is it they say about like when you
tell a story you're only telling it from
like the
you're only telling the last time you
remembered it so like the more you tell
it or like the more time between it just
gets less accurate over time it's i i
find that a lot with
if i tell a story like 10 times and then
i tell it for the 11th time and someone
from the original moment was there
they'll add in stuff that i've forgotten
i'm like oh how did i leave that out and
it's so it's so like overwritten by the
yeah by the times i've told it it's part
of why i'm having so much fun doing that
other show with gus is because we're
retelling stories from like the early
days of roost that we haven't
told in years and years and years and he
reminds me of like entire events that
i'd forgotten about you know just spun
off of like one story and it's like it's
awesome
so that other show you do i mean to
bring this up is anima
m.a it has been such a delight to listen
to that show really
yeah i've really enjoyed it because i
i love you and we have this great
friendship but i also think you're so
funny in content and the thing like face
i don't listen to it at all as we've
covered for reasons that's you displayed
perfectly
earlier in this episode there's nothing
that'll make you hate yourself faster
than re-listening to something you're
part of i'm so thankful gavin that
you're willing to proof these for us um
so i've missed seeing you in content and
to like listen to a thing where you're
you're just you're so funny and it's
such a relaxed environment for a show
and the friendship between you and gus
is so genuine it has been such a joy to
listen to that to that show so i'd
highly recommend anybody who listens to
the face check out amma oh great series
especially if you you love jeff
well thank you andrew you haven't been
exposed to gus maybe if you're outside
of the rooster teeth world he's uh he's
a tour de force uh in his own right can
i a guest thing that i feel like i keep
meaning to bring up and i'm so glad that
this conversation led me to this thought
before break [__] started we've done
several of them at this point nearly a
year i feel like the starting point of
break [__] was the fact that gus has a
[__] garage filled with baseball
cards and it has never been mentioned
or searched for what is this does he
still have them yeah are we ever gonna
get those cards it's so funny it's so
funny you mentioned that because that
popped into my head i'm actually i
actually tweeted a photo earlier today
i'm trying to like consolidate all the
all the face break [__] stuff because
it's just like in boxes around my house
and in my car and i'm trying to make
some sense out of it because hopefully
at some point we'll move into a a studio
that has a a set that i can design and
leave because right now i have to tear
it down and build it up yeah down every
time it's a [__] transient nightmare
uh and that popped into my head i'm like
all right doesn't guys have like 40 000
baseball cards we're supposed to get i i
gotta we just gotta do it like at the
time he mentioned it i thought it would
be fun to make like a little docu thing
about it and like document driving down
there together and like make a little
video out of it but at this point i just
want to get him you know if he still if
he still has access to him which i think
he does i'm glad you brought it up
because uh i feel like it could be a
huge and fun thing for us to to [__]
with and it just kind of like a lot of
face
jokes that just kind of fell by the
wayside for other stuff yeah i'd love to
have an update for that or if you guys
even just like recorded a car like on
the road
podcast
that would be fun that would be really
fun and i haven't been down to like the
town where he grew up i used to go down
there uh early on in our friendship and
like spend the weekend with his mom and
him and yeah explore mexico and stuff
uh why are you laughing at that
i just you would never do that now
that's so funny
oh yeah no
well yeah the difference between being
46 and 26 is pretty stark yeah yeah but
weren't you still married back then uh
yeah sometimes i go away from weekend
i don't know why that's weird to me yeah
it'd just be like i'm gonna go go spend
two days in with gus's family yeah i've
done that a bunch of times while i was
married and then also i was the worst
for a while
yeah yeah
fantastic
nica this is nick had had to do the eric
thing and tell us to wrap up
he did
there are times where like but between
recordings we'll be texting each other a
lot i don't know at least from my side
it was very quiet i think we're all busy
the last week this is nice this felt
like a really relaxed like get-together
ketchup type episode is it bad though
since it was mentioned i couldn't think
of a single nice thing to say about eric
[Laughter]
well i would give you homework but we
don't want to we don't want to do that
to andrew
no
not again i was going to say because i
was i was struggling too
uh
you guys
he's got a good i like his fashion sense
i think he dresses well i'm into it
yeah
really have a good style yeah
i uh i think he's he's very fun he's a
he reminds me of he's older than me but
it's like it's hanging out with him is
like hanging out with someone when i was
in my 20s yeah and i think that's nice
about him i will say one one thing that
i like about eric is just the longevity
of how long i've known him and in the
different contexts you know because he
was like you know he he would like help
out and was a part of mega 64 which was
like a group of peers uh in the internet
space that we would do events with and
stuff and so we've known them for i
don't know so yeah since like year three
of roost so probably like i don't know
15 years or something but i knew him in
the in the context of like getting a
beer with him at a convention in iowa or
you know being next to like
like throwing t-shirts at him uh across
from the aisle at a you know at
comic-con or whatever and uh it is so
weird now that we
make a show together yeah i mean the
face as a whole i think it that it came
together at all is a bizarre thing yeah
he went from someone who i try to ignore
as much as possible
[Laughter]
listen to whatever he says anything
i always thought that he was like
i don't this is gonna border on being
too nice uh but i'll be honest uh i love
that group the mega 64 guys uh i love
all of them in their own way uh
although i love uh well no i'm not gonna
pick favorites uh i think they're all
great but i always thought eric was the
funniest among them and i always thought
it was strange i was like well why is
that the guy that's helping him out is a
little bit funnier than the rest of them
i wonder why that is
he's my favorite like there's certain
topics that one and he's like the person
i will talk to you about like i was on
twitter the other day and i saw this
thread where somebody who used to
produce podcasts for the wwe left and
was talking about that experience they
said that jeff hardy has the worst wi-fi
they've ever encountered and that he was
wonderful but just the most absolutely
dismal wi-fi and just like please get
some better [__] wi-fi jeff hardy and
i said that to eric i was just like the
only person i know who i could send that
to and have like a great conversation
about
of course jeff hardy would have [__]
internet like that is it just checks out
on every level i'll say that eric is uh
he's really good at sending me funny hot
takes during basketball games oh yeah
game four or what yeah four i can't
count we just did four right notes yeah
two one i'm sorry i've been out of i've
been out of the [__] is wrong what are
you talking about i i game four of the
series is coming out and i just yeah
i was i discounted game two we're
talking about the celtics golden state
warriors the finals i couldn't believe
they won game one game two i didn't
really care about because i felt like
there was no way they could win i did
care you know what i mean like no it's a
scheduled scheduled loss yeah and the
fact that they've won game three now
makes me think that they might actually
win it all so i'm very excited but i
also expect game four to be a loss it's
ludicrous to think that the boston
celtics are two wins away from being nba
champions and we are not we're not a
basketball podcast we're a baseball
we're actually we're a baseball
equipment podcast so i guess it's like
there's an affinity there but i don't
want to get like too deep into sports
because then nobody everybody be mad at
us uh
oh you know what we should probably end
though uh let me just tell you guys i
wish there was a funnier bit to it but i
got the new bike and it works great
oh oh that's so awesome is it the seat
any better no it's the seats horse
no
no that's okay that's okay what i just
have to switch out i probably have to
make a few modifications um i'll
probably have to change the seat and i
might change the the the pedals out for
the ones that i'm using now because
they're grippier
but uh but yeah it's it's awesome you
know the shitty instagram ads you get
sometimes it's like hey here's a box of
goo put your foot in it and we'll send
it back to us
is there one for your ass like you could
just sit in a box and it molds your ass
and they'll print you a a bike seat
i would pay a thousand dollars for that
yeah i would custom i
have you ever seen the movie safemen
jeff no
the character sam rockwell in it has a
fake ass have you considered getting an
ass just for riding your bike like an
attachable ass so i went i thought about
like an episode of king of the hill when
hank was having trouble sitting in his
truck in his riding lawn mower it was
hurting and it was because his butt wore
away and he had to get like butt
implants
and i was like [__] maybe i wore my butt
off and i need to go get butt implants
so i went to the doctor the doctor was
like that was like you're a [__]
idiot
i was like all right
this is why i don't go to the doctor
know you see those time lapses in
wildlife where like a river will slowly
erode rock it just time lapsed your ass
as it got smaller
hey i gotta i gotta go get the door real
fast just a second
oh i feel like would have been already
why wouldn't you just yeah just wrap up
the pot thank you well hang on now that
jeff's gone that's reduced the amount of
people in this to uh pleasantries
amounts so you could just finish your
pleasantries with nick
oh i i felt like pl
no you don't as somebody who's not part
of pleasantries that's not how
pleasantries work i thought it works
when you're not recording and there's
not everyone here no it's before it
starts the pleasantries lead into the
show the purpose of the pleasantries
is that it like you have a conversation
you calm down you have some laughs and
then you go into the thing
pleasantries are great
i'm back unless you're no continue with
your pleasantries talk sorry i had to
get medicine for it
who doesn't want to do pleasantries
yeah
it's not pleasantries you can't have
pleasantries at the end of a show well
but you guys do that like when we that's
not pleasantries what is it post trees
posters okay well you guys can you guys
do posteries like the two of you for
hours to the point where i thought
i thought you were doing a secret
podcast
like you guys are doing like a post show
where you just make fun of jeff for an
hour that's what
happens in my head i think that started
because my computer is so [__] it takes
like 12 minutes for me to export and
everybody leaves so i'm just sitting in
the channel by myself and gavin was like
what's going on in here and then it just
became a tradition that gavin comes back
in as i'm exporting we have a little
talk yeah i'd say every uh every single
recording we have a five minute
well it's not apparently it's not
pleasant but it's some sort of
conversation and then it's definitely
pleasant it's just not a pleasant tree
it's not pleasant trees i i really
i think that's kind of i think that's
[__] dude i think it's
i think it's plus trees i don't think
pleasantries is dictated by when in the
conversation it happens i think i think
my definition of the spirit of the show
pleasantries is before the podcast
starts i think we have a hundred plus
episodes where that sets when the time
is maybe not pleasantries in the what if
those are regulation pleasantries and
what we have afterwards is deregulated
pleasantries can i say something i
learned recently not all pleasantries
are alike you got to be very selective
with your pleasantries you should talk
about that
that's uh
there are sometimes you go into meetings
and pleasantries can be disastrous
i had a fun meeting with you guys that
day
that was no it was a great meeting i
just um i was around new people i'm a
social mess oh it was awkward i [__]
it up so good listening to andrew try
and have pleasantries with two people
he'd never met or spoken to before
and like trying to feel them out it was
oh it was so funny i wish it was being
recorded it was so awkward you were
trying so hard you were really pulling
you
you can say a lot about me i do try hard
that is a consistent
i will say
outside of the context of face where i
do everything a little differently i
show up for every work-related meeting
three minutes late so i can avoid
pleasantries it's a good way to go it is
it's something i've different it is a
different animal outside of this podcast
pleasantries it is yes i've i learned
that the hard way what did you think of
my input nick says you want me to cut
that
no
wait what what oh jeff jeff's thing not
my thing showing up three minutes late
so i don't have to do pleasantries
no i don't think that's a rude thing no
i just pretend to be coming in late for
another meeting they don't know
the idea that you're just sat at your
desk and then right before the meeting
starts all right before you join you
just run like five laps around your
chair and you're like oh hey guys sorry
i just come in half this other thing
yeah
every meeting you start on the phone
with somebody else like you joined the
meeting and then you're just on a fake
call everyone so
also nick is like now they know here's
the deal nick no they don't no one in
our company listens to this podcast the
amount of conversations i have to have
where i explain the most basic [__]
about replace the people is ludicrous
there's no way i could i could say
anything i wanted to on this podcast and
it wouldn't matter uh in the context of
the the people that we work with because
they would never ever
even on accident hear it i've seen you
explain to people at the company like
what works about face and then you'll go
into a meeting a month later and explain
the thing you were talking about oh
what's that it's like no one's no one
can bring themselves to delve in
it's just like a lot it's a deep lore
about nothing it's the face curse that
it's not just the podcast it extends to
conversations and meetings too whereas
like as soon as the meeting about the
face thing is over everybody else from
every other department in the company
their brain toilet flushes too and
they're like
that
[Laughter]
i have been enjoying the weekly
newsletter that's been coming out the
internal one that says to say that anal
passage is the top seller of everything
because you know there's everyone at the
company just thinking i don't even want
to look up what that could be about dude
i don't want to get too granular into
sales and stuff uh but let me just say
that uh the face the annual anal passage
shirt is it's nearer four figures
in sales which is absolutely ludicrous
so stupid
i can't [__] believe it i can't
believe that in like 19 and a half years
of selling t-shirts online
uh through various productions uh this
is like anal passages approaching like
top 50 for the history of the company at
some point i think you know it's [__]
ridiculous wow i love it that's awesome
yeah that also may not be true
off the top of my head no that's great
let's just claim it's true that's
fantastic it's like it's like baochika
bow wow uh camping is a legitimate
strategy
zombie plan and the caboose shirt and
anal passage
that's a great lie like even if it's not
true there's some it's important to have
good lies i was talking to a friend
recently
and uh they were in this dance
competition that was like every school
uh in this area competed and they only
read out the top 10
names of the thing so one of the kids is
the lie said they placed 11th because
they only did like they only read 10
like nobody knows i don't think they
even ranked 10. but almost everybody in
the group believed that they came 11th
like they genuinely thought that and it
got printed in the newsletter and there
are kids who lived like 20 years of
their lives thinking they placed the
11th in the finals of this dance
competition it's like complete [__]
so even if the anal passage shirt isn't
in the top whatever you said it's a
great lie let's just go with that
we should probably wrap up that this has
gone on way longer than it's supposed to
yeah nick tried to end it several times
i was trying to cut it off at like the
40 minute mark but uh
[Laughter]
i gotta say i don't know what it is uh
but the last two episodes we've recorded
after i've uh i've just felt really
really good really good about until i
listened to that one episode 106. so
i'll continue to go get about 107
because i'll never hear it but uh great
i feel like this one was pretty good too
i feel like i've been enjoying it's very
sweet enjoying this little like phase of
the podcast that we're in
what is this phase it's not really
driven by a specific thing it's just
sort of a
intermediary phase
yeah just kind of relax just catching up
with each other it's very genuine
it's almost like it's almost like um
it's almost like a like mid-season
mid-episode pleasantries that's a great
way to put it this does feel mid-season
mid-episode pleasantries i'm really
excited to find out what constitutes a
switch of volumes oh yeah yeah the
volume is you owe me both
that could be like a decade long volume
one
i've just been what season are we in
we're in season four i've just been
throwing volume one out to extend the
title uh
but i do i do assume there will be a
volume two at some point and as soon as
that happens we'll do volume two for a
while and then it will be revealed that
it's like chapter one or something cause
we'll still be in one of something
edition one
all right let's stop talking to each
other well except for youtube you guys
will continue to talk for a brief period
of time but i'm gonna stop talking to
you guys and jeff i won't see you in
vegas all right gavin i won't see you
this weekend uh but i hope you have a
great time i assume that because we're
not spending time together uh in austin
or anywhere else the weather will be
lovely and you'll be able to swim and
get some 42 degrees this weekend yeah
eat some barbecue and do whatever it is
you do buddy and andrew uh i hope canada
is pleasant
thank you
okay oh actually gonna be in vegas next
weekend are you going to be in vegas
next weekend yeah i am
i'm not even what
i'm in vegas next weekend
what in june family trip
yeah you [__] family it's a
family trip you're a liar
it wasn't my choice okay it was a family
trip that i didn't plan i didn't what do
you mean in the same month that we
wanted you to go to vegas
it's complicated okay on my birthday
weekend the week after gavin and i were
supposed to go to vegas we could have
planned a big weekend together we can
hang out with your mom
i don't believe it i think he's lie no
i'm going to be there for a week you're
not
june 20th i leave june 20th
probably need to schedule eric about
recording maybe i don't know
i don't even sorry
i didn't plan for it
i don't even know what to say to this i
was excited i thought you guys in vegas
for a week i still it was the whole
thing with like apparently the tickets
were
were like cheaper if we came back on a
different day and it would only talk
with us would have been free
well i didn't plan this as i said i'm
just going on this trip
and i was really excited to turn i was
very excited because i thought oh we
might all be in vegas at the same time
coincidentally that would have been time
well that that sucked all my good
feeling out of the mid-season
mid-episode pleasant i'm just kidding
i'm not going to buy this is making that
it was all
just kidding that wasn't real
i'm just joking
let's we might need to reschedule next
week that was some kid
all right well uh
if i somebody's gotta end this so let's
stop doing this
uh thanks for listening yeah thanks for
listening like and review and subscribe
and tell a friend tell two friends tell
an acquaintance tell a teacher uh tell a
parental figure
uh maybe tell a boss tell an employee
tell a
retail worker brighten their day uh if
you go to an airport anytime soon be
sure to tell the stewardess and the
flight attendant uh i think as they're
referred to now uh if you go to
mcdonald's
maybe tell you see somebody with a shake
tell them
hey they're lucky the shapeshift's
always broken but tell them uh tell them
hey listen to face uh they talk about
shakes sometimes uh
and uh oh if you're a dog lover
tell somebody about face i don't know
why we'll see you next week in all
seriousness i'm definitely not maybe
going to vegas dude you are [__] [__]
he's going to [__] vegas
hey guys major league fan jack here with
a look at next week's episode of face
jeff has a new metal roof the gang hits
up ebay the billionaires need help too
what is the safest mode of
transportation jeff is a big explorers
fan gavin flips a coin and once again
andrew does not eat the pencil all that
and more on next week's episode of face
[Music]
you